# Signature Verification Project

This project implements a signature verification system using deep learning techniques. 
It provides functionalities to clean, detect, and verify signatures. 
The project is structured as follows:

## Project Structure

- **.dockerignore**: Specifies files and directories to be excluded from the Docker build context.
- **.gitignore**: Specifies files and directories to be ignored by Git.
- **Dockerfile**: Defines the instructions for building the Docker image.
- **README.md**: This document, providing an overview of the project and its structure.
- **app**: The main application package.
  - **__init__.py**: Marks the directory as a Python package.
  - **constants**: Module containing project constants.
  - **engine**: Module containing the core functionality of the signature verification engine.
    - **cleaner**: Module for cleaning signature images.
    - **detector**: Module for detecting signatures in images.
    - **verifier**: Module for verifying signatures.
  - **main.py**: Main script to run the signature verification application.
  - **models**: Directory containing pre-trained models for signature verification.
  - **routers**: Modules defining API routes for the application.
  - **utils**: Utility modules for common functionalities.
- **poetry.lock**: Lock file generated by Poetry, specifying exact versions of dependencies.
- **pyproject.toml**: Poetry project configuration file.
- **setup.cfg**: Configuration file for setuptools.

## Usage

1. Run the main.py
    ```bash
   uvicorn app.main:app
    ```